The programmer seems to be able to define variables through simple use of an equals sign. Just use the
usual parentheses quotation combo to define a variable as simple text and not input.

The INPUT command is similar to the print command, only it prompts the user for a response input.

	EXAMPLE: INPUT

a = input('How old are you? ')

print(a)



b = input('What is your purpose here? ')

print(b)

This program, when run, would then have the user respond to each of the questions stated within the input bracket.
Ensure a space is added after the question so that the prompted response is not placed immediately adjacent to
the question. It looks better that way.

CONCATENATION is the addition of two or more strings.
It seems that the addition symbol is used for this. The use of concatenation will likely become more clear
with time and further explanation. (Likely to merge two smaller strings into one single larger one for clarity
when many numerous strings begin to get involved in a program)

	EXAMPLE: MERGING STRINGS

a = ('I want to go to the movies')

b = ('I want to dance')



print(a + ", and " + b)

Strings and numbers cannot be concatenated. They are distinct entities. 
Remember, strings are bound by quotes, numbers are not.

Strings CAN be multiplied by integers, with the produced result being a repeated version of the original string.
This seems to be less so of math, and more so of shorthand for duplicating a string.
Strings must be multiplied by an integer, not a float nor a second string.

TYPE CONVERSION is the process by which a type of data is turned into a different type, for example from a string
to an integer. The functions for the types used so far are "int", "float", and "str".

	EXAMPLE: TYPE CONVERSION

print("2" + "3")



print(int("2") + int("3"))




It is seen that the first result produces a combined string which yields "23", an undesired result. The follow up
code properly converts the two strings to two integers, which then are properly added to output the desired "5".
From what I've gathered, the potentially simpler operation would be to define a variable as the sum of the two
integers being added, and then to print the variable. Or to even simplerly print the integer addition without 
quotes. Though I'm sure they were just trying to illustrate type conversion.

a = 2 + 3


print (a)


print(2 + 3)

Okay, so the type conversion from string to integer is important because it converts a string of user input into 
an integer value (or a float).

	EXAMPLE: CONVERTING USER INPUT

print(float(input("Enter a number: ")) + float(input("Enter another number: ")))

The user entering "1" and "2" will then output "3", instead of "12".














